hey guys I wanted to go over another
mommy janek's find some organic stuff
that I found that I absolutely
absolutely love now before I get started
I want to say that this company
absolutely does not sponsor me they
don't know me at all they could probably
care less but for those other organic
moments I'm like I've got to go on my
channel and share with you guys this
company that I got a huge order in today
of stuff that I bought all this is stuff
that I bought and I just I'm so excited
it is all bpa-free all kinds of stuff
that's free i think it's all made out of
recycled like milk jugs recycled plastic
and some of them say like recycled milk
jugs and it's all made in the USA this
company has toys and they have feeding
products and all kinds of stuff which is
really cool so i'm gonna go over my
order today and then i'm going to go
over some toys and stuff I got some toys
today too but some toys and stuff they
sell also let's get down to today's haul
of what I got and then I'll go over the
toys so the company itself I think
memory don't know them they don't know
me whatever is green toys I went on
their website because i was like i have
got to own all their stuff by now but
you know what I don't it's so much more
fun things to collect and I'm so excited
I get all my stuff on Amazon oh I'm not
a breath um I have not checked any other
websites for cheaper prices i will let
you guys I'll make videos updating you
guys on good organic affordable finds
that I find but for now all my stuff has
been on amazon i'll leave a link below
from i think you can do like my store on
amazon i think it's all the same seller
maybe it's the company themselves but
anyway so let's go over today's fine
first thing I got are called tumblers
and their cups and legs are green cups
this big and she's a little bit young
for cups but I just thought we can use
them or she's gonna use them soon um I
can also put the food in here when her
little bowls are dirty or something so i
got two cups I got utensils uh dish it
says dishwasher safe oh gosh there's a
lot of them in here two four six eight
utensils
one of prices on them maybe I'll leave
them down below what it was and the
price that I paid on it but you get
eight little spoons which is perfect for
women threw rice cereal and I make my
own baby food and all that kind of stuff
so these are perfect like I said it says
no bpa phthalate or mella mine which is
awesome made from a hundred percent
recycled plastic and then it says
beneath beside that made from recycled
milk jugs awesome also we got some bowls
now these are big bowls we've already
purchased some smaller bowls that's why
it's not in packaging this is some of
our stuff we had before so these are our
bowls and they're nice and hearty and
hard plastic and divided plates when she
starts eating more solid like three
different types of solids I'm so excited
right now we're on purees and rice
cereal so oh my goodness when we can
fill these in a few weeks or maybe a
month but I think she'll be there pretty
soon when we can start giving her more
options love that it's from I want to
say like their sub company I'm not sure
because it has a team logo where it says
green eats but it's the same company on
the website as these green toys now
we're going to go over the toys that we
have we have this little piggy that can
be moved on carpeting or hardwood floors
there's this one this came today and
this one came today too so I have what
is this a turtle and a pay we have a
couple different things that are like
keys and chew toys that she loved
they're really loud and they all are it
says green toys on each one of the
little keys so this is a small one they
don't open I love toys bit like as far
as i know i don't want to break it i
love towards that you can unhook and
wrap around like car seat holders or
high car holder thing doesn't fall out
but anyway so these do stick together
but that's okay so she takes you in our
hand and she jingles them around and
they're really fun and then i'm more
intricate bigger one that has all kinds
of little things that super loud
is this toy from dreamworks they love
that one and we have stackable set so
she can take it out when she loves this
on her high chair it's really kind of
loud when they stack whoops when they
stop them together and um it's just fun
you know so we have a stackable toy and
then lastly let's move out on my last
green toys Hall is this cool thing now
can i play with it like this and have it
be allowed toy there's pieces under or
if you open it you take out these pieces
and each of these pieces has a matching
shape that they drop into here when they
get it correct and then you dish shut it
and it stays all together so if the
learning toy it's bpa free all those
chemical free unit of recycled
ingredients learning opportunity and
bright colors i mean i'm so in love oh
my goodness and there's so many more
toys on that website that i have yet to
discover I don't make videos when I get
them I'm so excited okay guys that's my
green toys hall and my green eats hall
like i said i bought all this stuff
myself off amazon i'm going to leave the
link below from amazon where you guys
can get it and i think that's it happy
organic shopping share with me your
guys's favorite organic companies is so
hard nowadays i'm gonna make a whole
separate video on finding good organic
wholesome food clothing all kinds of
stuff i think i've found some staple
items i can't wait to share with you but
green toys and green eats so far is
definitely my absolute favorite it is
dishwasher safe like i said i still like
to boil my stuff I even guelph her toys
how easy is that I just throw this in
with all the other stuff because it's
always in her mouth and then she'll drop
it on the floor and stuff I just throw
this in some boiling hot water and I'm
sick so that's that love it thanks
ladies let me know how you like it below
see ya